Add Github niceties (#26)
CleanOceanAction/coa_flask_app: .github/PULL_REQUEST_TEMPLATE/fixes_issue.md

<!--
Please be patient, this is for the best. Do the checklist before filing an issue:
-->

- [ ] Have you read the Contributing guide?
- [ ] Have you checked to ensure there aren't other open Pull Requests for the same update/change?
- [ ] Have you formatted / linted your code locally prior to submission?

> - [ ] Have you written new tests for your core changes, as applicable?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [ ] Have you written tests for your code changes, as applicable?
```
